Add CONTRIBUTING.md file (#25)
BIDS-Apps/bids-apps.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to BIDS Apps

Welcome to the BIDS Apps repository! :rocket: 

We're excited that you're here and equally thrilled to know that you want to contribute. :superhero:

> BIDS-Apps is the collection of containerized neuroimaging workflows and pipelines that accept datasets organized according to the Brain Imaging Data Structure (BIDS). To learn more please visit the [BIDS-Apps Webpage](http://bids-apps.neuroimaging.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BIDS-Apps are a collection of containerized neuroimaging workflows and pipelines that accept datasets organized according to the Brain Imaging Data Structure (BIDS). To learn more please visit our [Homepage](http://bids-apps.neuroimaging.io)
```

- ![Enhancement](https://img.shields.io/badge/-enhancement-%232e5783) *It indicates a new feature request or enhancement.*
Any change or upgrade that increases the project capabilities, performance or scalability.
In general, enhancements include:
    - Additional functionality
    - Error/bug repair and handling
    - Better code coverage
    - Improved performance

- ![Help Wanted](https://img.shields.io/badge/-help%20wanted-%23128a0c) *Indicates that a maintainer or developer wants help on an issue or pull request.*
If you have a particular skill that can help in solving the problem then consider reading through these issues as they are a great place to offer your expertise.
Not everyone can do everything. This is the time, the community needs your help so you better dive in!

- ![Invalid](https://img.shields.io/badge/-invalid-%239a9a9a) *It indicates that an issue or pull request is no longer relevant.*

- ![Question](https://img.shields.io/badge/-question-%23cc317c) *It indicates that an issue or pull request needs more information.*
These issues are some questions regarding the project that might need clarifications and a bit of discussion. 

> ## 3. Create a pull request :zap: 

Reviewer: preserve consistency between our [bids-specification](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [bids-starter kit](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) contributing guides

```suggestion
## 3. Making a change with a pull request :zap: 
```

> Pull requests with patches, improvements and new features are a great help. Please keep them clean from unwanted commits (One Commit One PR Rule)

Reviewer: perhaps linking to this best practice to help teach why this may be a good approach?

> Follow the steps to get your work included in the project.

Reviewer: more stylistic - I think we want to nurture contributions rather than making them appear rigidly defined 

```suggestion

```

#### 1. Fork the project, clone your fork, and add the BIDS Apps remote:

```sh
# Clone your fork of the repo into the current directory
git clone https://github.com/<USERNAME>/bids-apps.github.io.git

# Navigate to the cloned directory
cd bids-apps.github.io

# Assign the original repo to a remote called "upstream"

> git remote add upstream https://github.com/BIDS-Apps/bids-apps.github.io.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git remote add upstream git@github.com:BIDS-Apps/bids-apps.github.io.git
```

```
#### 2. Get the latest changes from upstream:

```sh
git checkout master
git pull upstream master
```

#### 3. Create a new branch from the main master branch to contain your changes:

```sh 
git checkout -b <topic-branch-name> 
```

> #### 4. Locally rebase the upstream master branch into your topic branch:

Reviewer: perhaps rebasing for each contribution may set the barrier to contribute to high. This may be taken in the context of how a contribution to this repository would look like

```sh
git pull --rebase upstream master 
```
Push your topic branch up to your fork:
```sh
git push origin <topic-branch-name> 
```

#### 5. Open a Pull Request with a clear title and description against the master branch.

> [Open a Pull Request.](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request)

Reviewer: perhaps this step can use our [existing documentation ](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#example-pull-request)

> A maintainer/developer will review and might suggest some changes before merging them into the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A maintainer/developer will review and might suggest some changes before merging them into the repository.
```

Success!! :tada:  Well done! :bowing_man: 

***

## 4. Get in touch with us :mailbox_with_mail: 

> If you have any question, comment or suggestion, feel free to create an issue on our repo because that will be the fastest and easiest way of communicating us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please feel free to create an issue [here](https://github.com/BIDS-Apps/bids-apps.github.io/issues)! A Maintainer or community member will follow up.
```

If you'd prefer to email then you can contact Franklin at ffein@stanford.edu

***

> ## 5. A Special Note :high_brightness:

Reviewer: May also be beneficial to add a section on how we [recongize contributions in BIDS](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#recognizing-contributions)

> Thank you for your valuable contribution! :smiley: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for reading through and we look forward to your valuable contribution! :smiley: 
```

> We appreciate the hard work and are so grateful of the contributors who have added core features and improved existing ones throughout the history of the project. :raised_hands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We appreciate the hard work and time of our contributors who have built and maintained BIDS-Apps! :raised_hands:
```

> Keep up the good work, the community remembers you. :bowtie: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
